# Credit Risk Classification
  
You’ll use various techniques to train and evaluate a model based on loan risk. You’ll use a dataset of historical lending activity from a peer-to-peer lending services company to build a model that can identify the creditworthiness of borrowers.

## Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets

Complete the following steps:
        1. Read the `lending_data.csv` data from the Resources folder into a Pandas DataFrame.
        2. Create the labels set (`y`) from the “loan_status” column, and then create the features (`X`) DataFrame from the remaining columns.
        3. Split the data into training and testing datasets by using `train_test_split`.

## Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data

* Use your knowledge of logistic regression to complete the following steps:
        1. Fit a logistic regression model by using the training data (`X_train` and `y_train`).
        2. Save the predictions for the testing data labels by using the testing feature data (`X_test`) and the fitted model.
        3. Evaluate the model’s performance by doing the following:
                * Generate a confusion matrix.
                * Print the classification report.
        

## Credit Risk Analysis Report

The purpose of this analysis is to evaluate the performance of two logistic regression machine learning models in predicting the credit risk associated with loans. The analysis was conducted on financial data, specifically focusing on loan size, interest rate, borrower income, debt-to-income ratio, number of accounts, derogatory marks, and total debt.

### Results
Logistic Regression with Original Data:
Precision: 92% (an average--in predicting low-risk loans, the model was 100% precise, though the model was only 84% precise in predicting high-risk loans)
Accuracy: 99%
Recall: 97% (an average--the model had 99% recall in predicting low-risk loans, but 98% recall in predicting high-risk loans)


Logistic Regression with Resampled Data:
Precision: 92% (an average--in predicting low-risk loans, the model was 100% precise, though the model was only 84% precise in predicting high-risk loans)
Accuracy: 99%
Recall: 99% (an average--the model had 99% recall in predicting low-risk loans, but 99% recall in predicting high-risk loans)

The logistic regression model trained with resampled data performs better than the model trained with original data, it shows a significant improvement in predicting high-risk loans compared to the original model.

## References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.